Astra is a website that offers plenty of different features, mostly for business, not just for single-person use. Astra will help you with things like penetration testing, scanning for vulnerabilities, API security, etc. Since this is a premium product, it does cost money, but there is plenty of information about it online. In fact, you can contact a sales representative who can give you a rundown of what exactly Astra can do, plus pricing for your exact needs.
	Astra is mainly known for their penetration testing. They help simulate real-life attacks on a website and business to help identify weaknesses that you might have. This helps with finding out what might be lacking in your company’s defenses.
	Astra also provides services that help prioritize the risk you face. As we all know, vulnerabilities aren’t always the same, and some of them are more severe than others. Astra will help you determine which one is worth taking care of first.
	
	If you want to join Astra and use the services that they provide, you will need to make an account with them first. And find a pricing option that fits your needs after you've gotten started with what they have to offer. First, you can add your website to Astras' dashboard, which allows 
you to manage things like scans, sites, and even firewalls. Then, from the dashboard, you can add certain plugins that are provided through Astra, and then click the activation link for the website through the dashboard.
	You can then run initial scans, which will help find malicious files and vulnerabilities. After you find these things, you can review the findings and clean them up! Astra offers automatic clean-ups or support to remove these things. Using the dashboard, you can set up automatic scans that can help detect weaknesses. If you want even more testing, you can contact Astra, and they can provide things like Manual pentesting. The dashboard that Astras provides is the hub of their service, and you can control many things, like I mentioned above. The dashboard also provides a lot of information, like scan history, vulnerability list severity, and remediation steps that could be taken. Even though this service needs to be paid for, there is a lot of information on how to use this service.

Link: https://www.getastra.com
